docs: Document how to obtain protobuf definitions (#338)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/api/pages/index.adoc

* You can now use link:https://docs.buf.build/generate-usage[`buf generate`] or `protoc` to generate code using the protobufs available in the `proto` directory.

> * If you don't want to download protobufs and to generate code using `buf` or `protoc`, you can use the link:https://github.com/cerbos/grpc-tools[Cerbos grpc-tools docker image] to easily generate code for languages like Java, NodeJS, Python, C# etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you don't want to download protobufs and to generate code using `buf` or `protoc`, you can use the link:https://github.com/cerbos/grpc-tools[Cerbos grpc-tools container] to easily generate code for languages like Java, NodeJS, Python, C# etc.
```
